MTA-6893 Document Hub OIDC authentication (#382)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/mta-install/con_scope_rhbk.adoc

:_newdoc-version: 2.18.5
:_template-generated: 2025-07-31
:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

[id="scope-rhbk_{context}"]
= Scope management in RHBK

[role="_abstract"]

> You can manually manage {ProductFullName} scopes in Red Hat Build of Keycloak (RHBK) and assign the scopes to roles so that {ProductShortName} assigns the necessary permissions to the Keycloak user.

Reviewer: Let's make it clear that: Although dynamic scopes are **highly** recommended user's _can_ assign individual scopes.

Author: Thanks @jortel ! I have placed the dynamic scope section above the manual scope management to emphasize it as the preferred method to expand scopes. RH does not permit me to use the word "recommend". 

Please could you take a look at the update?

> You can manually manage {ProductFullName} scopes in Red Hat Build of Keycloak (RHBK) and assign the scopes to roles so that {ProductShortName} assigns the necessary permissions to the Keycloak user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Although dynamic scopes are highly recommended, you can manually manage individual {ProductFullName} scopes in the Red Hat build of Keycloak (RHBK) and assign them to roles. This ensures that {ProductShortName} grants the necessary permissions to the Keycloak user.
```

Author: I have modified this a little bit since the Red Hat SSG does not permit the use of "recommend".
